goal is goal
the mother- in- law of tricolor
we are here pretty Brazil stadium
São Paulo and nautical nine o'clock at night
a round that has everything to be good
to São Paulo this week that was a
week of controversy and show that will
walking the entrance of the nautical is has a
law
the nautical can not win the game that
stop them and have another law not
you can feel sorry for Sao Paulo that the
is not good if the player in the area not
talk to was out was out
what happened was the penalty that
rogério ceni lost against corinthians
there were some fans who came to
get upset but it's something that
happens first rogério has history
in the club was one of the few that could
beat there without compromising and without
compromise his or her integrity
face has credit
For example, if you lose a
penalty kick against corinthians quoted plays
In São Paulo, you're a good player.
The rogério is what trains is the guy who
has a better shot and kicked a little
was 0 at last and last waters
Sao Paulo today has everything to get out of
suffocation that the association can
corinthians would be good for us to win
critical and capable of turning the
nautical so so muricy today has the
chance to pass the ney frank and broken
oil together summed up ne
if you win today then it's all for being a
Play nice and wait to see and follow
with us
i
Hey
once he can do everything
are so
ae
ready
I had nobody with the foot nobody wants
stay
fondle walking and singing
China
Of course I expected the thrashing São Paulo
30 mar lusa the subject of wafer the goose
Did you see the party there?
again en transit simply chance
boy when the play to the wigan getting
big and he went
she hit her clothes again
The team left the field, everybody shouting.
much in it so a big party in são
paulo and now depending on the results
the idea of são paulo goes up a lot
jadir negative option and had that
supporter lack of confidence thing
the only thing left is still that
penalty that the victim solved
But at last they fall, even I go.
repeat that the tests hit the file are
Paulo
big chile falls giant is never paulo
climbing and watching lets listen
something happens in Brazil and
world
cool
no haiti
forty-five